
 
Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? - Nairaland / General - Nairaland
Nairaland Forum / Nairaland / General / Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? (1442 Views)

(2) (3) (4)


(1) (2) (Reply) (Go Down)

Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Ifesinachi22(m): 8:06am
I used Whatsapp till around 2am this morning then i dropped my phone to sleep. I woke up this morning and open the app to check messages and saw i have been banned from the app. I have never heard anyone say he has ever been banned and i don't even know what i did. They said i should contact support, i clicked on it and saw so many troubleshooting FAQ. They said, you can be banned if you are using 3rd party app like GB WhatsApp and other apps. Or if you are sending so many messages to people without your contact with Business WhatsApp. All these does not apply to me because i use the main WhatsApp not GB WhatsApp and i don't use Business WhatsApp to send messages to random people.

Who has ever encountered this or knows anyone that has encountered it and how was the issue resolved?

Or has my number been hacked?







Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by oluwaseyi0: 8:18am
Never been banned
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by olola4(m): 8:19am
I have been banned more than 10 times on WhatsApp, in fact, there was a time last month that I was banned almost 5 times within the space of two days and I was still able to get my account back.

Immediately they ban my account I know what to do and sometimes within 30min, my account is unbanned and we move. smiley
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by NotBeenPaid: 8:19am
Yes I've been banned before using modified WhatsApp. I still use a modified version of WhatsApp until now.
1 Like



Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by 2horsePOWER(m): 8:19am
.
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Seyiemath(m): 8:19am
LIKE If you never been banned


SHARE if you have.
8 Likes 2 Shares

Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by vivalavida(m): 8:19am
I know there are punitive measures for using third party whatsapp app like GBWHATSAPP. But if you did not use it, reach out to support.
I also hope someone else didn't clone ur whatsapp and use it illegally.
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Akwamkpuruamu: 8:19am
No I have not but I know of two of my friends that were banned. But if u change line and phone, the ban go end
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by God1000(m): 8:19am
No, because I don't spread falsehood and misinformation, I prefer Facebook sha
1 Like

Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Coronavirus123: 8:19am
Na waoo.
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by debossng: 8:19am
Yes, I've been banned before because I used a third party to send bulk messages.

But the ban got lifted after some days but can't remember how many days the ban lasted

You could be banned if you send spam messages and the people you spammed reported to WhatsApp.

Anyways you need to reach out to their support.
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by sureboykris(m): 8:19am
Happened to my friend today.. Reason: he was using GBwhatsapp
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by konkonbilo(m): 8:20am
angry
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by bennytrips27(m): 8:20am
Try opening it with a different number.
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by SocialJustice: 8:20am
What have you been using WhatsApp for? Confess. This was how boys came out to say Binance was blocking their accounts unjustly whereas they were using the accounts to do pickup.
2 Likes

Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Fyie: 8:20am
I have been using GB WhatsApp from start..

I have never used normal WhatsApp.

So why would they ban me??
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Tonymegabush1(m): 8:20am
Nope, instead whatsapp go ban me I will rather ban them. Same goes to other social media platform including ********** if you know, you know. grin
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by MomentMan(m): 8:20am
My friend was banned 5 days ago but after writing to their customer service, he was unbanned.
1 Like 1 Share

Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Kingpee2(m): 8:20am
Try buy now sim .
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by seguntravels009(m): 8:20am
Probably because you sent broadcast messages that was reported.
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Sixfiguresmart: 8:20am
Yes. I sent a message and they banned me. But, this is my current predicament:

On Saturday it started drizzling in the morning and I rushed out to collect my clothes on the line. So, instead of picking one by one I spread my arms and collected them. Unbeknownst to me, I collected my neighbour's daughter's undies. Nice blue undies I love the design and color.
So, when she returned from school she started asking neighbours and surprisingly no one else was home at the time it rained. Girl is only 19ish and she has called her pastor to the house and they have been fasting and praying. They are trying to escalate the case and they might start imagining that I am a ritualist.
How do I return the undies without problems? Or, should I just throw it away? Cos, once I go near the line now, they are always watching from their windows
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by SIMONEKPA7: 8:21am
Ifesinachi22:
I used Whatsapp till around 2am this morning then i dropped my phone to sleep. I woke up this morning and open the app to check messages and saw i have been banned from the app. I have never heard anyone say he has ever been banned and i don't even know what i did. They said i should contact support, i clicked on it and saw so many troubleshooting FAQ. They said, you can be banned if you are using 3rd party app like GB WhatsApp and other apps. Or if you are sending so many messages to people without your contact with Business WhatsApp. All these does not apply to me because i use the main WhatsApp not GB WhatsApp and i don't use Business WhatsApp to send messages to random people.

Who has ever encountered this or knows anyone that has encountered it and how was the issue resolved?

Or has my number been hacked?
Have you linked your NIN to your sim?
1 Like

Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Escape4Real: 8:21am
It happens to those that always use GB WHATSAPP...
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by dheolexaone(f): 8:21am
Chill and uninstall WhatsApp from ur device.
Try using another number to create another account after which you have to redirect the number back to the one u r using or you write to their support for your unban
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by clitomis: 8:21am
Someone must have reported you for posting something
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by expert1(m): 8:21am
Yes, you get banned if you send unsolicited messages to people that you are not mutuals. You got reported and banned.

Stop sending unsolicitedmessages to people especially if they don't know you.

If people report you too much then banning is your penalty.
1 Like

Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Meekmilly: 8:22am
Yes
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by clitomis: 8:22am
Escape4Real:
It happens to those that always use GB WHATSAPP...
Never happened to me
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Kinihunrepublic: 8:22am
Yes my GB WhatsApp then


Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Cutehector(m): 8:22am
cheesy i love this
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by ProGSM(m): 8:22am
Someone reported you.
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Joiedevivre: 8:22am
Ifesinachi22:
I used Whatsapp till around 2am this morning then i dropped my phone to sleep. I woke up this morning and open the app to check messages and saw i have been banned from the app. I have never heard anyone say he has ever been banned and i don't even know what i did. They said i should contact support, i clicked on it and saw so many troubleshooting FAQ. They said, you can be banned if you are using 3rd party app like GB WhatsApp and other apps. Or if you are sending so many messages to people without your contact with Business WhatsApp. All these does not apply to me because i use the main WhatsApp not GB WhatsApp and i don't use Business WhatsApp to send messages to random people.

Who has ever encountered this or knows anyone that has encountered it and how was the issue resolved?

Or has my number been hacked?
Reach out to their support
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Ochyes: 8:23am
Need to learn.
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by 2saviourfriday9(m): 8:23am
Change your connection setting to another sms either maybe your line is beared
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Franky70(m): 8:23am
olola4:
I have been banned more than 10 times on WhatsApp, in fact, there was a time last month that I was banned almost 5 times within the space of two days and I was still able to get my account back.

Immediately they ban my account I know what to do and sometimes within 30min, my account is unbanned and we move. smiley

Ah which offense you commit
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Antell95(m): 8:24am
Nnwanne DM me now to unban your whatsapp.
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Ifesinachi22(m): 8:24am
SIMONEKPA7:

Have you linked your NIN to your sim?

YES. I have linked it since last year
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by BannedUser: 8:24am
Space boookers
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by ORLAHOLUWA(m): 8:25am
I am gbwhatsap user I was banned last month I had to use my second number to register again
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Abfinest007(m): 8:25am
Mtn are the most stupid network I have ever seen they block my sim n left the data open
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Shadysen: 8:25am
No, na fg wan ban my sim, am waiting for them sha, stupid government
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by askolly(m): 8:25am
Just send message to their costomer service they wi unbanned you.
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by mikk22(m): 8:26am
I've been banned before. Just write to support, you will be replied, in the process they will tell you ur offence and duration of ban. You can appeal to the agent assigned to u and ur ban might be reduced
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Sharatan(m): 8:26am
So long as you keep on using your WhatsApp to defraud and scam people, you will always be reported and/or banned every fvcking single time.
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by NaijaCoverBlog(m): 8:27am
Yes Na
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by LordviccoDaGuru(m): 8:28am
grin
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by cho25bc(f): 8:28am
Ifesinachi22:
I used Whatsapp till around 2am this morning then i dropped my phone to sleep. I woke up this morning and open the app to check messages and saw i have been banned from the app. I have never heard anyone say he has ever been banned and i don't even know what i did. They said i should contact support, i clicked on it and saw so many troubleshooting FAQ. They said, you can be banned if you are using 3rd party app like GB WhatsApp and other apps. Or if you are sending so many messages to people without your contact with Business WhatsApp. All these does not apply to me because i use the main WhatsApp not GB WhatsApp and i don't use Business WhatsApp to send messages to random people.

Who has ever encountered this or knows anyone that has encountered it and how was the issue resolved?

Or has my number been hacked?

No, i havent experience it before
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Franking: 8:29am
Nope. Only nairaland, facebook and dailymail.
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by DroppingLiquid: 8:33am
If Whatsapp ban you, then you're a hoodlum
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Deeprooted: 8:34am
Hope your contents are not adult content
Re: Banned From Using Whatsapp Who Has Encountered It? by Moscodee1990(m): 8:34am
Yeah, once.